Standardize the pairing token format (#125)
Resonate-Protocol/spec: README.md

If a Sentinel-keyed connection is already open when the operator picks `pairing_psk`, the server first [re-handshakes](#re-handshake) to the Pairing PSK before sending the `server/activate` shown above.

#### Pairing Token

> A server needs both the [Sendspin Pairing PSK](#definitions) and the client's static public key to select and verify the client's Noise identity. The two are distributed together as a **pairing token**: a single case-insensitive ASCII string the operator transfers out of band (copy/paste, QR scan, read aloud) into the server to begin the [Pairing PSK Flow](#pairing-psk-flow). A client offering `pairing_psk` SHOULD surface the token rather than the bare PSK.

Reviewer: > transfers out of band (copy/paste, QR scan, read aloud)

Read aloud? :D

Let's not even suggest that.

Author: Haha, that would be a good contender for r/badUIbattles though 😂.
Dropped it so nobody actually tries that.

A token is a fixed `SP:` prefix, a version, and a base32-encoded body:

```
token   = "SP:" || version || body
payload = client_key (32 bytes) || pairing_psk (32 bytes)
```

> - `version` - a single decimal digit. This document defines version `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `version` - a single alphanumeric character. This document defines version `1`.
```
We can have up to 26+9 versions with letters following the digits.
Also I could swear I made the first version `0`, but no, it is actually `1`. Maybe we should change it while there's still time?

Author: Also pushed a commit to change it to 0 here in the Spec.
